0.  GIF format, stores only 8 bits per pixel which only has a palette size of 256 colors. 
  
    JPEG, PNG, and BMP formats can store 24 bits per pixel and the number of colors that
    can be assigned would be 16,777,216 different colors! However, BMP and PNG
    can go higher bits per pixel, where PNG can go up to 48, and BMP can go up to 64.
    But the human eye finds it difficult to distinguish higher bitrates after 24 bits.

1.  GIF may only store 8 bits but is the only format to support animation.

2.  Lossy compression is a compression that loses information during the compression process.
    The Lossless compress does not lose information.
    
3.  The JPEG is a compression that loses from information during the compression process,
    but can still store 24 bits per pixel.
    
4.  When someone deletes a file using some sort of 'delete' or 'erase' command on the computer,
    then most likely the metadata that pointed to the file is merely rewritten. 
    Most Operating System's will just remove the file reference and mark the file's blocks as
    free blocks and can be overwritten.
    
5.  The most common ways to properly sanitizing a hard-drive are physically destroying the drive making it unusable.
    Degaussing the drive to randomize the magnetic domains making it as well unusable in the process.
    The Overwriting the data so it cannot be recovered.
    But I recommend doing all 3 of these steps starting with
    Overwriting the data first, then degaussing, and finally physically destroying the drive.
    
6.  stdint.h contains several new types of integers to enhance the portability of programs. The basic integers were
    insuffient due to their actual sizes are implementation define and may vary across different systems.
    
7.  The Exact-Width Integer type is guarenteed to have the same number of bits across all implementations.

8.  A BYTE is an 8 bit unsigned value. A DWORD is a 32-bit unsigned integer. A LONG is a 32-bit signed integer.
    And a WORD is a 16-bit unsigned integer.
    
9.  The first 2 bytes of a BMP file must be the ASCII Character 'B' and then 'M' and those are the "Magic Numbers".

10. bfSize is the size of the BitMap File (in bytes), and biSize is the bytes required by the structure.

11. If biHeight is negative, then the Compression (biCompression) must be either BI_RGB or BI_BITFIELDS.

12. The field that specifies the color depth is biBitCount, this is use to tell if it's an 8-bit, 16-bit, etc.

13. if fopen returns NULL in copy.c:37, it's because there's no output file.

14. The 1 is to tell fread to attempt to read 1 data element which is the size of 'BITMAPINFOHEADER' bytes long.

15. If bi.biWidth = 3, and sizeof(RGBTRIPLE) is 3, then 3 * 3 = 9, then 4-9 = 5, then 5 modulo 4 is -1 then -1 is the answer.

16. fseek sets the file position indicator to the input file, with the offset of padding, and whence set to SEEK_CUR
    
17. SEEK_CUR specifies that the offset provided is relative to the beginning of the file.

18. Milo Banana dun it.
