0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis 
(NOO-muh-noh-UL-truh-MY-kruh-SKOP-ik-SIL-i-koh-vol-KAY-no-KOH-nee-O-sis)
Is a lung disease acuse by the inhalation of very fine silica dust, causing
inflammation in the lungs. Also the maximum length for a word in dictionary.h.

1.  getrusage returns resource usage measures for 'who'.

2.  There's 3 types of struct rusage, one is RUSAGE_SELF, RUSAGE_CHILDREN, RUSAGE_THREAD.

3.  From what I gathered, 'before' is the time before loading the function, and 'after' is the time
after the function has loaded. And the 'calculate' function calculates it to a stopwatch like manner.

4.  From the top, down of main. it starts by doing some error checking to make sure you did the correct
format. Then creates structs 'before' and 'after' (the timing data), as well as creating some doubles
that will be used to add in the later calculations. And so it continues to prepare the time it takes
to load 'load' (the function that loads the dictionary), then tracks the time it took to load the function.

Now where the true core code is at. After opening a file called 'text', it begins to create a for loop for
spell checking. the first if statement is checking to see if the word is alphabetical or has apostrophes.
If so then it will add 1 to the index. If the string is too long to be a word it will consume remainder of
the alphabetical string. If there's any words with numbers then it will ignore those and go to the next word.
Finally, if the word is indeed an actually word, it will call the check function for each word, and tally
which words are correctly spelled, and tally the words that are misspelled. 

After all the words have been checked, the calculation of the size of the dictionary (as well as unloading the
dictionary), the program will print out the time of the results, as well as the Total of the runtime.

5.  fgetc gets the input of characters and strings and reads until a newline, where fscanf reads until any blank space.

6.  First of all, is you declare a constant integer. It means that the value cannot be modified. So if it's assigned to
'check' or 'load' then it can't be changed to something else.

7.  I used a Hash Table with Linked Lists. Nothing Really complex, just enough to get the job done.

8.  The first time I timed it, it was around 10 seconds or so for the Large dictionary. Then I managed to shave about
2 or so seconds just by examining my code and trying to make things simplier.
 
9.  Mainly researching the data structures to see what I could do. And I saw that Hash Tables were used for speedy
insertions, so I used that think that I wouldn't be inserting anything later or sorting.

10. Unfortunately my code is quite a bit slowly than the staff example. Plus I was still very uncomfortable with Data
Structures in general.
